2019.1:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 3)
 * General: Added support for Versal devices
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.3.1:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 2)
 * No changes

2018.3:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 2)
 * Feature Enhancement: Enhancement to 8 Lanes for MIPI D-PHY Rx configuration
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.2:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 1)
 * Bug Fix: Minor bug fix for IP generation with some Spartan 7 parts
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.1:
 * Version 4.1
 * Bug Fix: Fixed ULPS behavior
 * Feature Enhancement: Dynamic IDELAY TAP value setting in Fixed Calibration mode of 7series MIPI D-PHY Rx configuration
 * Feature Enhancement: Resetting the Bit-Slice FIFO for LP to HS Mode Transition
 * Other: Added support for additional 7 series devices

2017.4:
 * Version 4.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Bug Fix: Fixed treadyhs assertion across lanes in D-PHY Tx
 * Bug Fix: HS_PREPARE duration fixed to be within specification limits for 7-Series MIPI D-PHY Tx with OBUFTDS enabled
 * Feature Enhancement: Support for  Virtex7,Kintex7,Artix7,Zynq-7000 devices at Production status
 * Other: Updated HSSIO DIFFERENTIAL_IO_TERMINATION parameter from NONE to TERM_NONE
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.3:
 * Version 4.0
 * Port Change: Added cl_tst_clk_out, dl_tst_clk_out, cl_tst_clk_in and dl_tst_clk_in ports for 7-Series D-PHY TX IP configuration
 * Port Change: Grouped *txp,*txn, *rxp, *rxn ports as *mipi_phy_if interface
 * Bug Fix: Fixed ulpsactivenot deassertion for D-PHY RX IP configuration
 * Bug Fix: Added BUFIO in 7-Series TX configuration
 * Bug Fix: Removed tangling mmcm_lock_out port in D-PHY RX configuration
 * Bug Fix: Updated IODELAY group name to change dynamically for 7-Series D-PHY RX IP configuration
 * Bug Fix: Updated FIFO_WRCLK_OUT constraint for Ultrascale+ D-PHY RX configuration
 * Bug Fix: Fixed High-Speed mode to Low-Power mode switching overshoot issue in 7-Series D-PHY TX IP with OBUFTDS configuration
 * New Feature: Added board support for FMC LI-IMX274MIPI-FMC V1.0 on ZCU102 HPC0
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.2:
 * Version 3.1 (Rev. 1)
 * Port Change: Added cl_txclkactivehs output port for D-PHY TX IP configuration
 * Port Change: Added init_done output port to indicate D-PHY IP initialization completion
 * Bug Fix: Fixed lane initialization status not getting reset when DPHY_EN bit of CONTROL register is deasserted
 * Bug Fix: Added IOSTD constraints in example design for Ultrascale+ device IP configuration
 * Bug Fix: Added cl_txclkactivehs output port to indicate HS clock output timing after cl_txrequesths assertion
 * Bug Fix: Added init_done output port to indicate D-PHY IP initialization completion
 * Bug Fix: Fixed T pin of OBUFTDS toggling during Low-Power period in 7-Series D-PHY TX IP configuration
 * Bug Fix: Fixed hs_rx_timeout inadvertently triggering issue for 3-lane D-PHY RX IP configuration
 * Bug Fix: Fixed tangling system_rst_out output port in 7-Series D-PHY TX IP configuration
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.1:
 * Version 3.1
 * Port Change: Removed system_rst_in port from D-PHY RX IP configuration (See Product Guide PG202 "Port Descriptions" section for list of the ports.)
 * Bug Fix: Removed system_rst_in port from D-PHY RX IP configuration
 * Bug Fix: Added FIFO_RD_EN_CONTROL parameter of HSSIO IP sub-core in Ultrascale+ D-PHY RX IP configuration
 * Bug Fix: Implemented T_WAKEUP timing parameter for D-PHY RX IP configuration
 * Bug Fix: Added parameter to control HS_SETTLE timing parameter for D-PHY RX IP configuration
 * Bug Fix: Updated 7-Series line rates
 * Bug Fix: Added C_EN_HS_OBUFTDS parameter to control OBUFTDS instantiation for 7-Series D-PHY TX IP
 * Bug Fix: Added C_INIT parameter to control T_INIT timing parameter
 * Bug Fix: Updated default value of T_INIT parameter for D-PHY RX (slave) IP configuration from 500000 ns to 100000 ns
 * Bug Fix: Fixed auto calibration mode data ordering for multi-lane 7-Series D-PHY RX (slave) IP configuration
 * Other: High-Speed SelectIO v3.2 IP integration
 * Other: Clocking Wizard v5.4 IP integration

2016.4:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Port Change: Added clk_300m port for 7-Series Auto Calibration mode (See Product Guide PG202 "Port Descriptions" section for list of added ports.)
 * Port Change: Updated 7-Series Calibration mode ports (See Product Guide PG202 "Port Descriptions" section for list of added ports.)
 * Bug Fix: BUFG insertion on FIFO_WRCLK_OUT for HOLD time violations in D-PHY RX IP
 * Bug Fix: Fixed Data Lane HS-RX TD-TERM-EN value for D-PHY RX Compliance Test 2.4.1
 * Bug Fix: Fixed Clock Lane HS-RX TCLK-TERM-EN value for D-PHY RX Compliance Test 2.4.6
 * Bug Fix: Updated the Auto Calibration mode with per-bit deskew for 7-Series D-PHY RX IP
 * Bug Fix: Removed MMCM for Ultrascale+ D-PHY RX IP configuration and using constant 1500 MHz CLKOUTPHY for all line rates
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.3:
 * Version 3.0
 * Port Change: Added new ports based on 7-Series support (See Product Guide PG202 "Port Descriptions" section for list of added ports.)
 * Port Change: Added active_lanes_in[3:0] port for Active lane support (See Product Guide PG202 "Port Descriptions" section for list of added ports.)
 * Bug Fix: Fixed SoT pattern logic detection in D-PHY RX IP
 * New Feature: Added 7-Series family support
 * New Feature: Added active lanes support in D-PHY TX
 * Other: High-Speed SelectIO v3.1 IP integration
 * Other: Revision change in one or more subcores
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.2:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Fixed HS RX TIMEOUT parameter propagation for 3-lane D-PHY RX configuration
 * Corrected the clkoutphy connection in D-PHY RX configuration
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.1:
 * Version 2.0
 * Added GUI option to include or exclude shareable logic resources in the core
 * Resource optimizations
 * Latency improvements on MIPI D-PHY RX IP configurations
 * Clocking architecture updates in MIPI D-PHY RX High-Speed datapath
 * High-Speed Select IO IP integration
 * Enhanced IO planner feature with more IO selection options
 * rxvalidhs generation is updated such that it will not go Low in the middle of the HS data transfer
 * Added GUI option to include or exclude HS and ESC TIMEOUT counters/registers
 * enable signal from PPI is decoupled from lane initialization and de-assertion of enable will not affect lane initialization status
 * IP top level ports will differ compare to mipi_dphy_1_0 IP due to Shared Logic feature

2015.4.2:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2015.4.1:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2015.4:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.3:
 * Version 1.0
 * Initial release
 * IP revision number added to HDL module, library, and include file names, to support designs with both locked and upgraded IP instances

(c) Copyright 2015 - 2019 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
